docs: add public path in entry descriptor (#4878)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/entry-points.md

- `import`: Module(s) that are loaded upon startup.
- `library`: Specify [library options](/configuration/output/#outputlibrary) to bundle a library from current entry.
- `runtime`: The name of the runtime chunk. If set, a runtime chunk with this name is created otherwise an existing entry point is used as runtime.

> - `publicPath`: Specify base path for assets for this entry. Also see [output.publicPath](/configuration/output/#outputpublicpath).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `publicPath`: Specify a public URL address for the output files of this entry when they are referenced in a browser. Also see [output.publicPath](/configuration/output/#outputpublicpath).
```
